Data Collection Procedure: 

GOAL: Produce a plot of Free Energy vs Reduced Density along an isotherm (fixed Temperature)

1. Choose a value for KT (temperature). This will be the same for all runs.

For EACH choosen value of Reduced Density ...

2.  Create a Denisty folder "Den_x.x" in the folder DATAandPLOTS_KIR with the x.x labeled with
    the Reduced Density at which we are trying to find the lowest Free Energy (entered in step 3).

3.  Remove data out file (if exists) as this will be recreated and appended:  rm newmeltdataout.dat

4.  Choose a value for gwidth to begin.

5.  Edit and run new-melting.cpp with the fv for loop active running from fv=0 (no vacancies) to fv=1 step 0.01
    and keyboard inputs of: Reduced Density, Width of Gaussian(gwidth), and KT  

6.  Data is collected in newmeltdataout.dat 
    Review data to find a range of fv values that give the lowest Free Energy at the given gwidth.

	(optional). Run ./newmeltdataout.cpp which creates gnu plotting file newmeltdataout.gnu

	(optional). Run gnuplot newmeltdataout.gnu to plot and view data
	
	View newmeltdataout.dat file to see actual values and find fv with lowest Free Energy

	Store plot and newmeltdataout.dat file in DATAandPLOTS_KIR folder in the appropriate Density folder 		
        (labeled with Reduced Density the from step 3) with value of fv and lowest Free Energy in the name.

7.  Repeat steps 2-4 as needed with finer steps and narrower range to find the fv value that gives 
    the lowest Free Energy at the given gwidth. 

8.  You have made one plot of fv vs Free Energy at a choosen gwidth and found the fv value that gives the 
    lowest Free Energy for that choosen gwidth. Now try other gwidth inputs above and below the originally  
    choosen gwidth value to see about happens to the fv value corresponding to the lowest Free Energy. 
    Narrow in on the best value of fv that gives the lowest energy for any range of gwidth values generally. 

9.  Store plot and newmeltdataout.dat files in DATAandPLOTS_KIR folder in the appropriate Density folder 
    (labeled with Reduced Density the from step 3) with value of fv and lowest Free Energy in the name.
    
10. Again remove data out file as this will be recreated and appended:  rm newmeltdataout.dat

11. Edit and run new-melting.cpp with the gwidth for loop active running from gwidth=0 to gwidth=
    lattice_consant step 0.01 and keyboard inputs of: Reduced Density from step 3, fv=lowest value from 
    step 6, KT from step 3

12. Data is collected in newmeltdataout.dat
    Review data to find a range of gwidth values that give the lowest Free Energy at the given gwidth.

	(optional). Run ./newmeltdataout.cpp which creates gnu plotting file newmeltdataout.gnu

	(optional). Run gnuplot newmeltdataout.gnu to plot and view data

	View newmeltdataout.dat file to see actual values and find gwitdth with the lowest Free Energy

13. Repeat steps 6-8 with finer steps and narrower range to find the gwidth value that gives 
    the lowest Free Energy at the given fv value found in step 5.

14. You have made one plot of gwidth vs Free Energy at the value of fv found in step 8. Now try other 
    fv inputs above and below to confirm that you have found the combination of fv and gwidth values that 
    give the lowest Free Energy. 

15. Store plots and newmeltdataout.dat files of significant data in DATAandPLOTS_KIR folder in the
    appropriate Density folder (labeled with Reduced Density the from step 3).

16. When found the fv and gwidth values that give the lowest Free Energy at the Reduced Density and KT
    values entered in step 3, take a snapshot (png) of the printed data output of new-melting.cpp and 
    save in the same folder with the plots and data files. 

17. Enter the values for Liquid Free Energy, Crystal Free Energy, Reduced Density, Fraction of Vacanices(fv), 
    Gaussian width(gwidth), and KT into the text document in the DATAandPLOTS_KIR folder called DATALOG.

18. Repeat steps 2-17 with a new value for the Reduced Density and the same value for KT.


